Getting started end-to-end IPC tutorial (#130)
consensus-shipyard/ipc-agent: README.md

# IPC Agent
> The InterPlanetary Consensus (IPC) orchestrator.

The IPC Agent is the entrypoint to interacting with IPC. It is a client application that provides a simple and easy-to-use interface to interact with IPC as a user and run all the processes required for the operation of a subnet.

See the [docs](docs) for a conceptual overview.
a
## Installation

> ### Build requirements

Author: Added a side-note just in case.

  kill-subnet           Kill an existing subnet
  fund                  Send funds from a parent to a child subnet
  release               Release operation in the gateway actor
  propagate             Propagate operation in the gateway actor
  whitelist-propagator  Whitelist propagators in the gateway actor
  send-value            Send value to an address within a subnet
  wallet-new            Create new wallet in subnet
  help                  Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
  -c, --config-path <CONFIG_PATH>  The toml config file path for IPC Agent, default to ${HOME}/.ipc_agent/config.toml
  -h, --help                       Print help
  -V, --version                    Print version
```

## Infrastructure
IPC currently uses [a fork of Lotus](https://github.com/consensus-shipyard/lotus), that we like to call _Eudico_, to run its subnets. The IPC agent does nothing by itself, and is just an orchestrator over existing subnet deployments. To ease the deployment of new subnets and nodes, we provide a set of convenient scripts to deploy all the infrastructure required to run IPC. 

### Install infrastructure scripts

> [Eudico](https://github.com/consensus-shipyard/lotus/tree/spacenet/scripts/ipc) provides a set of infrastructure scripts, which assume a working installation of Docker. To install Docker [follow this link])(https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and choose your working environment.

Author: Added notes 1 and 2. Thanks!

> With Docker installed, you can then `make install-infra` in this repository to clone the eudico repo, build the docker image that you need to run subnets, and install the infrastructure scripts in the `./bin` folder.

Reviewer: `make install-infra' failed for me I went to [IPC infra scripts here](https://github.com/consensus-shipyard/lotus/tree/spacenet/scripts/ipc) and found `docker build -t eudico .` which worked for me (clean slate Ubuntu 22.04 LTS). 

Also "this repository" should be more specific and refer (probably?) to Eudico repo.

Author: Good call. Clarified the instructions a bit.

> All the infrastructure scripts assume live in [Eudico's repo](https://github.com/consensus-shipyard/lotus/tree/spacenet/scripts/ipc), and assume a working installation of Docker. To install Docker [follow this link])(https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and choose your working environment.
> 
> With Docker installed, you can `make install-infra` to have all the infrastructure scripts available locally. This make rule will build the docker image that you need to run subnets, and install the infrastructure scripts in the `./bin` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Eudico](https://github.com/consensus-shipyard/lotus/tree/spacenet/scripts/ipc) provides a set of infrastructure scripts, which assume a working installation of Docker. To install Docker [follow this link])(https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and choose your working environment.

With Docker installed, you can then `make install-infra` in this repository to clone the eudico repo, build the docker image that you need to run subnets, and install the infrastructure scripts in the `./bin` folder.
```

This read a bit confusing. You're saying all scripts live in the Eudico repo, so the natural thing to do after reading this would be to go on the eudico/lotus repo and `make install-infra` there even though no instructions to that effect are provided, but then it turns out the make rule for ipc-agent handles all of this.

eudico                      latest        8fb6db609712   2 minutes ago   341MB
```

## Usage
### Configuration
If you are running the agent for the first time, the first thing you need to do is to create a new config. The default config path for the agent is `~/.ipc_agent/config.toml`. The agent will always try to pick up the config from this path unless told otherwise. To populate a sample config file in the default path, you can run the following command:
```bash
$ ./bin/ipc_agent init-config
```
If you `cat ~/.ipc_agent/config.toml` you should see a new config populated with a sample root and subnet configurations.

### Running the daemon
The IPC agent runs as a foreground daemon process that spawns a new JSON RPC server to interact with it, and all the processes to automatically handle checkpoints and the execution of cross-net messages for the subnets our agent is participating in. The agent determines the list of subnets it should interact with from its config file. 

Alternatively, the agent can also be used as a CLI to interact with IPC. Under the hood, this cli sends new commands to the RPC server of the daemon. To run the IPC agent daemon you can run:
```

> $ ./bin/ipc_agent daemon

Author: Oh, ok! Now I see what you mean. I'll fix this in a minute.

accounts = ["t1cp4q4lqsdhob23ysywffg2tvbmar5cshia4rweq"]
```

> Beware: If you are already running the daemon, changes in the config file are only picked up after running `./bin/ipc_agent reload-config` so be sure to run it after editing your config.

Finally, to test if the connection to the rootnet has been successful, we can for instance try to create a new wallet in the rootnet: 
```
./bin/ipc_agent wallet-new --key-type=bls --subnet=/root
```

### Running a subnet
To spawn a new subnet, our IPC agent should be connected to at least the subnet of the parent we want to spawn the subnet from. You can refer to the previous section for information on how to run or connect to a rootnet. This instructions will assume the deployment of a subnet from `/root`, but the steps are equivalent for any other parent subnet. 

#### Spawn subnet actor
To run a subnet the first thing is to configure and create the subnet actor that will govern the subnet's operation:
> TODO: Update instructions when the new IPC actor bundle is deployed as some of these parameters have changed.
```bash

> ./bin/ipc_agent create-subnet -p <parent-id> -n <subnet-name> --min-validator-stake 1 --min-valid

Author: Good catch. This was a typo. I completely missed it. Fixed.

ators 0 --finality-threshold 10 --check-period 10

[2023-03-21T09:32:58Z INFO  ipc_agent::cli::commands::manager::create] created subnet actor with id: /root/t01002
```
This command deploys a subnet actor for a new subnet from the `root`, with a human-readable name `test`, that requires at least `1` validator to join the subnet to be able to mine new blocks, and with a checkpointing period to the parent of `10` blocks. We can see that the output of this command is the ID of the new subnet.

#### Deploy subnet daemon
Before joining a new subnet, our node for that subnet should be initialized, because as part of the joining process we would need to provide information about our validator network address, so other validators know how to dial them. For the deployment of subnet daemons we also provide a convenient infra script: 
```bash
$ ./bin/ipc-infra/run-subnet-docker.sh <lotus-api-port> <validator-libp2p-port> <subnet-id> <abssolute-path-validator-key>

# Sample execution
$ ./bin/ipc-infra/run-subnet-docker.sh 1239 1349 /root/t01002 /home/workspace/pl/lotus/scripts/ipc/src/wallet.key
```
> Beware: This script doesn't support the use of relative paths for the wallet path.

> The end of the log of the execution of this script provides a bit more of information than the previous one as it is implemented to be used for production deployments:

Reviewer 3: I cannot get beyond this point probably because the container failed to build (I cannot see it running or even try to run the image in a container myself). (OS: Tuxedo OS, an Ubuntu fork) :
```
➜  ipc-agent git:(be8bb96) ./bin/ipc-infra/run-root-docker-1val.sh 1235 1379
[*] Running docker container for root in port 1235
[*] Waiting for the daemon to start
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: repo directory does not exist. Make sure your configuration is correct)
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: repo directory does not exist. Make sure your configuration is correct)
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: repo directory does not exist. Make sure your configuration is correct)
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: repo directory does not exist. Make sure your configuration is correct)
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: repo directory does not exist. Make sure your configuration is correct)
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: repo directory does not exist. Make sure your configuration is correct)
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: repo directory does not exist. Make sure your configuration is correct)
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: could not get api endpoint: API not running (no endpoint))
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: could not get api endpoint: API not running (no endpoint))
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: could not get api endpoint: API not running (no endpoint))
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: could not get api endpoint: API not running (no endpoint))
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: could not get api endpoint: API not running (no endpoint))
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: could not get api endpoint: API not running (no endpoint))
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: could not get api endpoint: API not running (no endpoint))
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: could not get api endpoint: API not running (no endpoint))
Not online yet... (could not get API info for FullNode: could not get api endpoint: API not running (no endpoint))
[...]
ERROR: timed out waiting for api to come online
```

> The end of the log of the execution of this script provides a bit more of information than the previous one as it is implemented to be used for production deployments:

Reviewer 2: Not working for me. I'm now running on the largest lightsail instance (32gb ram, 8cpu) and the command returns quickly enough (<30s) but I still don't get any output beyond token and container 🤔

> The end of the log of the execution of this script provides a bit more of information than the previous one as it is implemented to be used for production deployments:

Author: Oh, OK! I know what could be, you may be passing the wallet key wrong. Happy to jump into a sync call if you are available to see if we can troubleshoot it (and add the corresponding checks when this happens).

> The end of the log of the execution of this script provides a bit more of information than the previous one as it is implemented to be used for production deployments:

Reviewer 2: ```
ubuntu@ip-172-26-28-130:~/ipc/ipc-agent$ docker ps
CONTAINER ID   IMAGE     COMMAND                  CREATED       STATUS       PORTS                                                                                                                          NAMES
ba55a6a40535   eudico    "/scripts/ipc/entryp…"   3 hours ago   Up 3 hours   1348/tcp, 1777/tcp, 2345/tcp, 3456/tcp, 0.0.0.0:1239->1234/tcp, :::1239->1234/tcp, 0.0.0.0:1349->1347/tcp, :::1349->1347/tcp   reverent_proskuriakova
0396b0dabc06   eudico    "/scripts/ipc/entryp…"   3 hours ago   Up 3 hours   1348/tcp, 1777/tcp, 2345/tcp, 3456/tcp, 0.0.0.0:1235->1234/tcp, :::1235->1234/tcp, 0.0.0.0:1379->1347/tcp, :::1379->1347/tcp   condescending_gates
ubuntu@ip-172-26-28-130:~/ipc/ipc-agent$ docker exec -it reverent_proskuriakova eudico mir validator config validator-addr
ERROR: validator not configured. Run `./eudico mir validator config init`
```

This is with the latest commit. If I'm supposed to pass a proper wallet, then I'm definitely doing that wrong: as far as I can tell we haven't yet exported a wallet key up to this point in the guide, so I'm just passing it an empty dir. I'll export the key and re-do, then :)

> The end of the log of the execution of this script provides a bit more of information than the previous one as it is implemented to be used for production deployments:

Reviewer 2: I see you just swapped the order of the instructions. Working fine now, and the guide makes sense again :)

Never assume the reader has a brain ;)

> According to the operating system you are running, you may have to install additional dependencies not installed in your system to follow these instructions like `build-essentials`, `libssl-dev`, `git`, `curl`. If something fails while building the binaries double-check these dependencies.

### Build instructions
To build the binary for the IPC agent you need to build the requirements in your environment, clone this repo, and build the binary following these steps:
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/consensus-shipyard/ipc-agent.git
$ cd ipc-agent
$ rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown
$ make build
```

This builds the binary of the IPC agent in the `./bin` folder of your repo. If you want to make the command available everywhere, add this folder to the binary `PATH` of your system. To see if the installation was successfully you can run the following command: 
``` bash

> $ ./bin/ipc_agent --help

Reviewer 2: I just realised I'm very tripped by this even after running trough several times. Unix convention is for commands to use `-` instead of `_`. Think `apt-get`, `linux-version`, `pkg-config`, `ssh-keygen`, ... Is there a reason why we went with underscore?

Author: Amazing, question. Rust uses `_` for packages, I think we inherited it that from the crate name. But I agree that we should probably use `-`. Let me start a quick poll in Slack just in case (before I do the whole renaming).

```
>>> Root daemon running in container: 84711d67cf162e30747c4525d69728c4dea8c6b4b35cd89f6d0947fee14bf908
>>> Token to /root daemon: eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJBbGxvdyI6WyJyZWFkIiwid3JpdGUiLCJzaWduIiwiYWRtaW4iXX0.j94YYOr8_AWhGGHQd0q8JuQVuNhJA017SK9EUkqDOO0
>>> Default wallet: t1cp4q4lqsdhob23ysywffg2tvbmar5cshia4rweq
```
This information will be relevant to configure our agent to connect to this rootnet node. For this, the `config.toml` section should be updated accordingly. In the above case, we need to set the endpoint of our rootnet node to be `127.0.0.1:1235`, we need to set `auth_token` to the one provided by the script, and the default account, for instance, the one provided by the script (although we could use ant other).

The configuration for our rootnet should look therefore like this:
```toml
[subnets."/root"]
id = "/root"
jsonrpc_api_http = "http://127.0.0.1:1235/rpc/v1"

> jsonrpc_api_ws = "wss://example.org/rpc/v0"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

I don't think we need this?

```bash
$ sudo usermod -aG docker $USER newgrp docker
$ newgrp docker
```

To check if the installation of the image and all infra-related scripts was successful you can run the following command, and it should return a similar output: 
```bash
$ docker images | grep eudico
eudico                      latest        8fb6db609712   2 minutes ago   341MB
```

## Usage
### Configuration
If you are running the agent for the first time, the first thing you need to do is to create a new config. The default config path for the agent is `~/.ipc_agent/config.toml`. The agent will always try to pick up the config from this path unless told otherwise. To populate a sample config file in the default path, you can run the following command:
```bash
$ ./bin/ipc_agent init-config
```

> If you `cat ~/.ipc_agent/config.toml` you should see a new config populated with a sample root and subnet configurations.

Reviewer 2: > @adlrocha on Slack: Be sure to use 0.0.0.0 for json_rpc_address = "0.0.0.0:3030" on your ~/.ipc_agent/config.toml to allow conncetions from external IP addresses (Docker has its own IP prefixes)

Maybe we should add a note here too?

Reviewer 2: Also of note: reload-config does not open a new socket, so this either needs to be done prior to starting or requires relaunching the process.

#### Spawn subnet actor
To run a subnet the first thing is to configure and create the subnet actor that will govern the subnet's operation:
```bash
./bin/ipc_agent create-subnet -p <parent-id> -n <subnet-name> --min-validator-stake 1 --min-validators <num-validators> --finality-threshold <number-epochs> --check-period <epochs-between-checks>

# Sample command execution
./bin/ipc_agent create-subnet -p /root -n test --min-validator-stake 1 \
--min-validators 0 --finality-threshold 10 --check-period 10

[2023-03-21T09:32:58Z INFO  ipc_agent::cli::commands::manager::create] created subnet actor with id: /root/t01002
```
This command deploys a subnet actor for a new subnet from the `root`, with a human-readable name `test`, that requires at least `1` validator to join the subnet to be able to mine new blocks, and with a checkpointing period to the parent of `10` blocks. We can see that the output of this command is the ID of the new subnet.

> #### Exporting wallet keys from subnet
> In order to run a validator in a subnet, we'll need a set of keys to handle that validator. To export the validator key from a wallet that may live in some other subnet into a file (like the wallet address we are using in the rootnet), we can use the following Lotus command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Exporting wallet keys
In order to run a validator in a subnet, we'll need a set of keys to handle that validator. To export the validator key from a wallet that may live in another network (like the wallet address we are using in the rootnet), we can use the following Lotus command:
```

This is not objectively wrong and we may want to keep as is, but:

In the design doc, we define the rootnet as a subnet without parent. Under that definition, this is clear. But I wonder if we're leading the user astray in the context of the guide by suggesting this section is about exporting _subnet_ keys.

Author: Good point. Fixed. (btw, I am editing instead of committing suggestions so I can change other things in the meantime, will push all at once when it is ready, in case you don't see the change reflected immediately).

```bash
eudico wallet export --lotus-json <address-to-export> > <output file>

# Sample execution

> eudico wallet export --lotus-json t1cp4q4lqsdhob23ysywffg2tvbmar5cshia4rweq > ~/.ipc-agent/wallet.key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
eudico wallet export --lotus-json t1cp4q4lqsdhob23ysywffg2tvbmar5cshia4rweq > ~/.ipc_agent/wallet.key
```

For consistency with location for config.toml

> eudico wallet export --lotus-json t1cp4q4lqsdhob23ysywffg2tvbmar5cshia4rweq > ~/.ipc-agent/wallet.key

Author: Renamed throughout the whole README and change the binary name.

```
If your daemon is running on a docker container, you can get the container id (provided also in the output of the infra scripts), and run the following command above inside a container outputting the exported private key into a file locally:
```bash
$ docker exec -it <container-id> eudico wallet export --lotus-json <adress-to-export> > ~/.ipc-agent/wallet.key

# Sample execution

> $ docker exec -it 84711d67cf162e30747c4525d69728c4dea8c6b4b35cd89f6d0947fee14bf908 eudico wallet export --lotus-json t1cp4q4lqsdhob23ysywffg2tvbmar5cshia4rweq > ~/.ipc-agent/wallet.key

Reviewer 2: I really think this would be more intuitive with deterministic container names. PR here:

https://github.com/consensus-shipyard/lotus/pull/135

Reviewer 2: If that's acceptable, I can go through and update the examples. Alternatively, we could pass the name as an explicit argment to the scripts, but I'm not seeing an obvious advantage.

> eudico wallet export --lotus-json t1cp4q4lqsdhob23ysywffg2tvbmar5cshia4rweq > ~/.ipc-agent/wallet.key
> ```
> If your daemon is running on a docker container, you can get the container id (provided also in the output of the infra scripts), and run the following command above inside a container outputting the exported private key into a file locally:
> ```bash
> $ docker exec -it <container-id> eudico wallet export --lotus-json <adress-to-export> > ~/.ipc-agent/wallet.key
> 
> # Sample execution
> $ docker exec -it 84711d67cf162e30747c4525d69728c4dea8c6b4b35cd89f6d0947fee14bf908 eudico wallet export --lotus-json t1cp4q4lqsdhob23ysywffg2tvbmar5cshia4rweq > ~/.ipc-agent/wallet.key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
eudico wallet export --lotus-json t1cp4q4lqsdhob23ysywffg2tvbmar5cshia4rweq > ~/.ipc_agent/wallet.key
```
If your daemon is running on a docker container, you can get the container id (provided also in the output of the infra scripts), and run the following command above inside a container outputting the exported private key into a file locally:
```bash
$ docker exec -it <container-id> eudico wallet export --lotus-json <adress-to-export> > ~/.ipc_agent/wallet.key

# Sample execution
$ docker exec -it 84711d67cf162e30747c4525d69728c4dea8c6b4b35cd89f6d0947fee14bf908 eudico wallet export --lotus-json t1cp4q4lqsdhob23ysywffg2tvbmar5cshia4rweq > ~/.ipc_agent/wallet.key
```

Consistency with location of config

Reviewer 2: gh doesn't deal well with code blocks within suggestions, it seems!?

```

Let's illustrate the flow by creating a new wallet in our recently deployed root and exporting the keys.
```bash
# Create the new wallet
$ ./bin/ipc_agent wallet-new --key-type=secp256k1 --subnet=/root
[2023-03-29T09:32:52Z INFO  ipc_agent::cli::commands::manager::wallet] created new wallet with address WalletNewResponse { address: "t17rnww5qirr2fh5uiqy6fyi6ix7otwjzgu6pgpey" } in subnet "/root"

# Export the created wallet into ipc-agent
$ docker exec -it <subnet-container-id> eudico wallet export --lotus-json <filecoin-addr> > <output_directory>

# Sample execution for the address created above
$ docker exec -it 84711d67cf162e30747c4525d69728c4dea8c6b4b35cd89f6d0947fee14bf908 eudico wallet export --lotus-json t17rnww5qirr2fh5uiqy6fyi6ix7otwjzgu6pgpey > ~/.ipc-agent/wallet.key

> ```

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason to do this here? We've show a new wallet being created above, and how to export right after this. The export above is the one we'll use in the next step. This seems like a bit of an unnecessary detour.

>>> API listening in host port 1239
>>> Validator listening in host port 1349
```
> Beware: The validator address specified here should be the same as the one that will be used in the next step to join the subnet.

This log provides information about the API and auth tokens for the daemon, default validator wallet used, the multiaddresses where the validator is listening, etc. To configure our IPC agent with this subnet daemon, we need to once again update our IPC agent with the relevant information. In this case, for the sample execution above we need to add the following section to the end of our config file:
```toml
[subnets."/root/t01002"]
id = "/root/t01002"
jsonrpc_api_http = "http://127.0.0.1:1239/rpc/v1"

> jsonrpc_api_ws = "wss://example.org/rpc/v0"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
jsonrpc_api_ws = "wss://example.org/rpc/v0"
```
I don't think we need this?

auth_token = "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJBbGxvdyI6WyJyZWFkIiwid3JpdGUiLCJzaWduIiwiYWRtaW4iXX0.TnoDqZJ1fqdkr_oCHFEXvdwU6kYR7Va_ALyEuoPnksA"
accounts = ["t1cp4q4lqsdhob23ysywffg2tvbmar5cshia4rweq"]
```
As always, remember to run `./bin/ipc_agent reload-config` for changes in the config of the agent to be picked up by the daemon.

#### Joining a subnet
With the daemon for the subnet deployed, we can join the subnet:
```bash
$ ./bin/ipc_agent join-subnet --subnet=<subnet-id> --collateral=<collateral_amount> --validator-net-addr=<libp2p-add-validator>

# Sample execution

> $ ./bin/ipc_agent join-subnet --subnet=/root/t01002 --collateral=2 --validator-net-addr="GET_ADDRESS_FROM_SCRIPT"

Reviewer 2: I realise I was the one who suggested replacing the example address with a placeholder, but now I realise it isn't obvious how to pass the address, given the deploy script outputs 4 addresses and you seem to want to substitute `/dns/host.docker.internal/` as the address (further below, section on changing address)?

```

> This command specifies the subnet to join, the amount of collateral to provide and the validator net address used by other validators to dial them. We can pick up this information from the execution of the script above or running `eudico mir validator config validator-addr` from your deployment. Bear in mind that the multiaddress provided for the validator needs to be accessible publicly by other validators. According to the deployment used you may need to tweak the IP addresses of the multiaddresses and the ones provided by these scripts and commands won't be usable out-of-the-box.

Reviewer 2: We currently can't. Fix here:

https://github.com/consensus-shipyard/lotus/pull/137

For instance, in the example above, we are using the DNS endpoint `/dns/host.docker.internal/` so other Docker containers for the subnet deployed in the host machine know how to contact the validator.

As a sanity-check that we have joined the subnet successfully and that we provided enough collateral to register the subnet to IPC, we can list the child subnets of our parent with the following command:
```bash

$ ./bin/ipc_agent list-subnets --gateway-address=<gateway-addr> --subnet=<parent-subnet-id>

# Sample execution
$ ./bin/ipc_agent list-subnets --gateway-address=t064 --subnet=/root

> [2023-03-22T15:42:22Z INFO  ipc_agent::cli::commands::manager::list_subnets] found child subnets: {"/root/t01002": SubnetInfoWrapper { id: "/root/t01002", stake: 2000000000000000000, circ_supply: 0, status:

Reviewer 2: So we join the subnet with colateral 2 but then the stake here is 2000000000000000000. Is this expressed in atofils and does it need to be? 🤔

Author: Correct, it is in attoFIL. I managed to include a quick fix so it is printed in FIL and it is clearer. Didn't do a proper PR to move fast, will be include in this same one.

#### Mining in a subnet.
With our subnet daemon deployed, and having joined the network, as the minimum number of validators we set for our subnet is 0, we can start mining and creating new blocks in the subnet. Doing so is a simple as running the following script using as an argument the container of our subnet node: 
```bash
$  ./bin/ipc-infra/mine-subnet.sh <node-container-id>

# Sample execution
$  ./bin/ipc-infra/mine-subnet.sh 84711d67cf162e30747c4525d69728c4dea8c6b4b35cd89f6d0947fee14bf908
```

> TODO: The mining process is currently run in the foreground in interactive mode. Update infra scripts so they can be run detached and the logs are directed to a file.

#### Changing subnet validator network address
It may be the case that while joining the subnet, you didn't set the multiaddress for your validator correctly and you need to update it. You'll realize that the network address of your validator is not configured correctly, because your agent throws an error when trying to connect to your subnet node, or starting the validator in your subnet throws a network-related error.

Changing the validator is as simple as running the following command:

> /dns/host.docker.internal/tcp/1349/p2p/12D3KooWDeN3bTvZEH11s9Gq5bDeZZLKgRZiMDcy2KmA6mUaT9KE

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

I guess this wasn't supposed to be here?

Alternatively, the agent can also be used as a CLI to interact with IPC. Under the hood, this cli sends new commands to the RPC server of the daemon. To run the IPC agent daemon you can run:
```
$ ./bin/ipc-agent daemon
```

Running the agent at this point will throw an error, because we haven´t configured it to interact with any IPC network. In the next few sections we will walk you through different alternatives to spawn and connect your agent to a running IPC instance.

The RPC server of the daemon will be listening to the endpoint determined in the `json_rpc_address` field of the config. If you are looking for your agent to be accessible from Docker or externally, remember to listen from `0.0.0.0` instead of `127.0.0.1` as specified in the empty configuration. 

### Interacting with a rootnet
#### Spacenet
For more information about the Spacenet testnet have a look at the [Spacenet repo](https://github.com/consensus-shipyard/spacenet). In this section we will guide you through how to connect your IPC agent to a running instance of Spacenet. Spacenet hosts all the IPC actors and can be used as a rootnet to deploy new subnets from. 

> In order to use the IPC agent with Spacenet we need to have access to a full-node syncing with the network. The easiest way to achieve this is to run your own Spacenet node. Running you own Spacenet node is as simple as cloning Eudico repo,compiling and running it:

Author: Good point :pray:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/consensus-shipyard/lotus

# `spacenet` is the master branch of the repo. To find the latest
# release deployed over spacenet, you can check the last release 
# published in the repo and use checkout that tag.
$ git checkout <release/branch>

# Compile eudico for Spacenet
$ make spacenet

# Run your node
$ ./eudico mir daemon --bootstrap=true
```

> With this, your node should automatically connect to the bootstraps of the network and start syncing the latest state of the chain.

Reviewer 2: Also, we'll need snapshots sooner rather than later. I expected sync for such a young network to be way faster.

> With this, your node should automatically connect to the bootstraps of the network and start syncing the latest state of the chain.

Author: It is super spammy, this is a reminiscent from buildernet where storage functionalities had work, and we required fake randomness because our block time was faster than DRAND's period. I will add a PR to remove this in a minute.
